The Goal of Entertainment Buzz is to feed people with latest updates not limited to bollywood but also extends to tollywood, kollywood, mollywood, sandalwood till Hollywood

update#1-test

'Harry Potter' reunion episode to stream on Amazon Prime Video in India

Mumbai: Get ready to be super nostalgic on January 1 as your favourite 'Harry Potter' stars Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, and Emma Watson, along with other cast members, and filmmakers are coming together to celebrate 20 years of the iconic franchise.They all will be seen interacting in a special reunion episode titled 'Harry Potter 20th Anniversary: Return to Hogwarts', which will stream in India on Amazon Prime Video.

Update#2-test

Wedding on the Air!

Though Ranbir Kapoor, Alia Bhatt and their families have been maintaining a studied silence about the couple’s rumoured wedding next week, Ranbir has been busy making preparations for his nuptials. Here are some details.A horde of paparazzi will obviously be trying to get the best visuals. Alia’s publicist was seen at the Vaastu buildings (where both Ranbir and Alia have apartments), and the head of security of the building, was also there – a clear indication of an event being planned. (Ranbir is the only A-lister actor who does not have a publicist).

Update#3-test

RRR Hindi box office collection Week 2: SS Rajamouli directorial beats 'The Kashmir Files' record

'RRR' ended its second week on a high. The Hindi dubbed version of the film wrapped up another successful week at the box office by cashing in a total of Rs 74.50 crore nett.According to a report on boxofficeindia.com, the film's total now stands at an estimated Rs 206 crore nett. With this, the film has now beaten Vivek Agnihotri's 'The Kashmir Files' which earned an estimated Rs 204 crore nett in two weeks. All eyes are now on the box office to see how much the film can rake in on its third Friday.While 'RRR' has already shot past the Rs 1000 crore mark at the global box office, the film's Hindi dubbed version may struggle to beat 'The Kashmir Files' collections owing to the new releases that will eat into the film's business.

Update#4-test

Sanjay Dutt on shooting for 'KGF: Chapter 2' while battling cancer: I managed because I have a strong mindset; Yash and Prashanth gave me the confidence - Exclusive

Come Friday, the film enthusiasts will be spoilt for choice as three biggies gear up for a major clash at the box office. Yash aka Rocky will take on Sanjay Dutt aka Adheera in 'KGF: Chapter 2'. The much anticipated film clashes with Shahid Kapoor's 'Jersey' and Vijay's 'Beast'. With so much excitement building up, ETimes caught up with Yash and Sanjay Dutt in an exclusive conversation where they spoke about working together in the film, working with Raveena Tandon, why box office clashes are not much of a concern and more
